#### Smart Carpark Web application
The web app is a way for users to access the functionality of the smart carpark via a browser on any device. It can be split into two sections the front end and the backend. Front end generates the user facing portion of the web app where as the back end midates between the front end and the database. The back end also runs and manages the server. 

### Backend 
The directories used are:
* home
* accounts
* smart_carpark
* templates

The files in the root directory used are:
* mydatabase.sqlite3
* manage.py 

## Legacy Code
There is also code here, which is redundant and hasn't been deleted, as it may be used for reference in the future. It was orginally written before the introduction of react as the front end framework, which has different requirements for integration with the backend.

* accounts/views.py Lines 260-535 are redundant, however an explaination of their previous functionality can be found in comments around each view.
* home/views.py lines 9-46 are redundant and can be ignored. 
* the direcotry "templates" can be igored as HTML files will be generated by react, once integrated into the backend fully

## Section Description
The following sections are omitted from the portfolio as although they essential parts of the project, these aren't design choices but mundane actions that can't be done in other ways.

Aspects of the project covered here and not the repository are:
* URL files
* settings file
* admin files


# urls
Url files connect functionality, stored in the views files, to url patterns inputted into a browser. the smart_carpark urls file  assigns apps within the django project a base url, e.g. all the accounts urls start with "/accounts/" where as the home app has a blank base: '', as shown in /smart_carpark/urls.py in lines 9 and 8 respectivly. The urls files within apps then add to this base and assigns views to specific cases. e.g. in accounts/urls.py on line 13, the url 'car-api' is added to the base of "/accounts/", so that when the url "DOMAINNAME/accounts/car-api" is inputed into a browser the view "car-api" found in "accounts/views.py" is called. An additional aspect to mention is the use of parameters in urls. Using the structure "<ParameterDataType:ParameterName>", data of name "ParameterName" and data type "ParameterDataType" is added as an argument to view that it is being connected to. e.g. the view "car-detail" in accounts/views.py on lines 65-78, takes the argument "car_number_plate" as set up by the url in accounts/urls.py on line 15.

# admin
The roles of these files are simple: Django has a built in admin page, where developers can have access to objects stored in the database and manipulate it. To make these objects avalible the models need to be listed in the appName/admin.py files, as can be seen in lines 6-10 of accounts/admin.py. 

# settings 
The settings file: smart_carpark/settings.py, is used to configure the project. This includes connecting apps to the project, configuring the database, stating where static files and templates are stored. Apps are connected in lines 20-29, this also includes adding the rest framework. The database is configured in lines 68-73, since the default database is used this hasn't been altered, although if it were to be changed this is where it would be done. Static files are added in lines 114-115. 

